Hi everyone.
My name is Michael Hoffman, and welcome to my course,
Getting Started with Spring Batch.
Along with being an author here at Pluralsight,
I'm also a Senior Technical Architect at NVISIA based out of beautiful Chicago,
Illinois.
Processing data in batch is one of the oldest concepts found in technology.
Despite its maturity,
getting started with batch processing can present
you with a variety of challenges.
Just understanding the terminology for batch processing can be daunting.
How can you overcome these challenges to start building out your own batch jobs?
In this course,
I'll show you how to get started with batch processing
using the Spring Batch framework.
Spring Batch is one of the oldest and most mature
open-source libraries for supporting batch.
Some of the major topics that we're going to cover include an
overview of Spring Batch's concepts and features,
the configuration of a Spring Batch application,
and the creation of a Spring Batch job that includes reading from a file,
processing data, and then outputting that data to a database.
By the end of this course,
you'll gain an understanding of Spring Batch while creating
a foundation for your own batch jobs.
Before beginning the course,
you should have some familiarity with Java and the Spring Framework.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn Spring Batch with
the Getting Started with Spring Batch course, here at Pluralsight.